--  how the first letter get capitalized ?

 <? input.text.substring(0, 1).toUpperCase() + input.text.substring(1) ?>    //JAVA

This will capitalize the first letter of the user reply for you. If you are not a programmer, don't
worry too much about the details. Simply know that it capitalizes the input text and you can
copy and paste it whenever you have such a need in your chatbots.


Exercise 1: Remember the city with context variables
Whenever a user enters a new input, the intent and entities that are detected don't stick around for the rest of the conversation. 
They exist at the moment, for the current input, and are forgotten once the user types more questions.

This is generally fine, but it limits the chatbot's ability to appear smarter and remembering the context of the conversation so far. 
For example, consider the following interaction

A human customer care agent responding to the second question would have inferred that the user is asking about the hours of operation for the city they just 
inquired about in the previous question (i.e., Toronto).

However, the entity detected in the first input only lives for the duration of that input, so our chatbot has no memory of it when the user enters a second question.

How can we store this information so that it’s available for the duration of the conversation? Enter the concept of context variables, which allow us to do just that.
 As we go about collecting information from the user, we can store it in the Context and then reuse it when it makes sense.

One way to achieve this is to create a passthrough node that checks for the @ location entity and sets it to the $city context variable if one is detected. 
It then jumps to the next node in the dialog and hands off the execution to the rest of the nodes as if this node didn't exist.

Keep in mind that this is not necessarily the best approach, but it allows us to demonstrate a couple of things:

The passthrough node technique which can come in handy in complex chatbots;

How context variables work.

So, let's see how this would work in practice.

Creating a passthrough node
In the Dialog section of your skill, select the Welcome node more options menu, and **click
Add node below** to create a sibling node underneath (as a reminder, all nodes must be contained between the Welcome and the Anything else node).

Call the node Assign City or something similar. **Set the condition to @ location. Delete the
response by clicking on the trash can icon in the response area**, as we don't want this node to issue the response, only to set the variable in the context.

Next click on the more options menu to the right of Assistant responds and **select *Open
context editor***.

You'll be offered the ability to set one or more context variables whenever this node is
executed. Enter city for the variable name, and @ location for the value,